Enter filename: xml/sample.xml
Map Constructor
Element Constructor with name Entrance
Room Constructor with name Entrance
Adding Room Entrance to Map
Set Element description to You find yourself at the mouth of a cave and decide that in spite of common sense and any sense of self preservation that you're going to go exploring north into it. It's a little dark, but luckily there are some torches on the wall.
Element Constructor with name torch
Item Constructor with name torch
Adding Item torch to Map
Added Item torch to Room
Trigger Constructor
Set Trigger permanent to 1
Set Trigger command to n
Condition Constructor
Set Condition Has to 0
Set Condition Object Name to torch
Set Condition Owner Name to inventory
Added Condition to Trigger
Added Trigger print of *stumble* need some light...
Added trigger to Element
Element Constructor with name MainCavern
Room Constructor with name MainCavern
Adding Room MainCavern to Map
Set Room Entrance north border to Room MainCavern
Using existing Room MainCavern from Map
Set Element description to A huge cavern surrounds you with a locked door to the north, a chest in the center, and a very dark corner...
Element Constructor with name chest
Container Constructor with name chest
Adding Container chest to Map
Added Container chest to Room
Element Constructor with name lock
Container Constructor with name lock
Adding Container lock to Map
Added Container lock to Room
Element Constructor with name gnome
Creature Constructor with name gnome
Adding Creature gnome to Map
Added Creature gnome to Room
Using existing Room Entrance from Map
Set Room MainCavern south border to Room Entrance
Element Constructor with name Staircase
Room Constructor with name Staircase
Adding Room Staircase to Map
Set Room MainCavern north border to Room Staircase
Trigger Constructor
Set Trigger command to n
Set Trigger permanent to 1
Condition Constructor
Set Condition Object Name to lock
Set Condition Status to locked
Added Condition to Trigger
Added Trigger print of lock needs a key... not to mention you don't want to get too close to that side of the room... there's something in that corner...
Added trigger to Element
Using existing Room Staircase from Map
Set Room type to exit
Set Element description to You found the exit!
Using existing Room MainCavern from Map
Set Room Staircase south border to Room MainCavern
Using existing Item torch from Map
Set Item writing to next to a small button it reads "push for big flame"
Set Element status to lit
Trigger Constructor
Added Trigger print of the torch has erupted into a menacing inferno
Added Trigger action of Update torch to inferno
Set Item turnon
Element Constructor with name explosive
Item Constructor with name explosive
Adding Item explosive to Map
Set Item writing to turn on for boom :-). Warning! Keep away from gnomes!
Set Element status to idle
Trigger Constructor
Added Trigger print of you hear ticking...
Added Trigger action of Update explosive to ticking
Set Item turnon
Element Constructor with name key
Item Constructor with name key
Adding Item key to Map
Set Item writing to Exit
Using existing Container chest from Map
Using existing Item explosive from Map
Added Item explosive to Container
Using existing Container lock from Map
Set Element status to locked
Added Container accept value of key
Trigger Constructor
Condition Constructor
Set Condition Has to 1
Set Condition Object Name to key
Set Condition Owner Name to lock
Added Condition to Trigger
Added Trigger print of The lock drops off and the door opens
Added Trigger action of Update lock to unlocked
Added trigger to Element
Using existing Creature gnome from Map
Added Creature vulnerability of explosive
Trigger Constructor
Condition Constructor
Set Condition Object Name to explosive
Set Condition Status to ticking
Added Condition to Trigger
Added Trigger print of A tiny squeek is uttered from the tiny and, although scary looking, quite innocent creature before it vanishes in a very loud explosion. Tragic, but you find he was sitting on a key!
Added Trigger action of Add key to MainCavern
Added Trigger action of Delete gnome
Set Creature attack
Trigger Constructor
Set Trigger permanent to 0
Condition Constructor
Set Condition Object Name to torch
Set Condition Status to inferno
Added Condition to Trigger
Added Trigger print of You see a gnome in the dark corner... watching you with its super pointy hat...
Added trigger to Element
